we asked a floral designer with the
perfect name
Harris Rosen a strong stem fresh green
leaves that's the best way to keep them
long-lasting now if you bought them to
begin with not that fresh nothing's
gonna help it yes Rosen is here to show
me a little bit about flowering I don't
know the first thing about flowers we
have a variety of Gerber Osby of orchids
hyacinths ridiculous lipstick roses take
this and you just his decor was lacking
iris Rosen is a visual and floral
designer who knew just what was needed
give a little bit of life and accents
and just a touch of color keep it at
masculine under $300 you just slam it up
some plants flowers and liven up space
that's what my decorator I mean wife
always says I'm heiress frozen I'm a
floral designer her million fans
weddings
shows anything like that will customize
any flower would just complement this
room because this room in its own is
beautiful
stressful well let's start designing
America's favorite to begin the design
replace orange rocks took nine sets of
roses two inches from the top of each
other ready for our game it's also great
for a cocktail table how do you turn
impressions see that everything is very
clean nice sturdy step no sliding those
yellow tulips eleven slice it up place
it inside
creative design watch I cut a couple of
slices I then take out the seeds I
soaked them on the napkin making sure
that all the juices out and then I start
placing them around sides the goal was
to give a little bit of life and accents
and just a touch of color keep it at
masculine under $300 so we mix real with
imitation then my client was really
concerned about adding planted flowers
in his apartment why because he didn't
want to talk feminine how about a bar
you want to just slam it up give it a
smash give it a bit of a color take any
of your drinking glasses or nature
indoors some plants and flowers
live it up space be sure to be back next
time
for organ lovers Dendrobium orchid
creates the sensation designed by just
switching up the bags really modern she
this is blowing up Persephone's office
really
I'm here with Eris Rosen who is a
terrific floral designer and a flower
therapy expert well floral therapy
really is a stress-free way of learning
how to work and play with flowers I show
you some easy to follow steps on
creating these simple sensational
designs the guests can join in and
create one of their own designs and take
it home as a token really fast thank you
this is so great welcome so we're gonna
four to five of these leaves make sure
that the hezid I drag up or just at the
face
accessories can either completely change
the look of the design add a little bit
of style let's start with some favorite
flowers
so we have here two bunches of stuff
could I just place them so that the
heads of the flowers are just at the
base of the base that's another tip cut
beautiful that looks
the design made here is a tone on tone
it's perfect for graphic design or
entrance because when you walk in and
listen that giveus that's 45 degree
angle cut Fisher note leaves are on the
stems but actually be inside with water
first clean pedals Brutus believes took
about 15 to 20 cents yeah twisting and
turning
whereas our year-round flowers to
be fun anytime goodbye these together
with the remainder try to stay with just
two to three colors at the most now that
we know what flowers to buy and what
colors we need to shares as a must it
gives a flower a nice clean cut which is
really important for a long last
scissors Roasters
and wire cutters that doesn't require or
rubber bands